Add a new concept page for Sidecar containers (#43346)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod-lifecycle.md

The `spec` of a Pod has a `restartPolicy` field with possible values Always, OnFailure,
and Never. The default value is Always.

> The `restartPolicy` applies to all containers in the Pod including
> [init containers](/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/init-containers/) and `sidecar-style`
> containers. `restartPolicy` only refers to restarts of the containers by the kubelet on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `restartPolicy` for a Pod applies to {{< glossary_tooltip text="app containers" term_id="app-container" >}}
in the Pod and to regular [init containers](/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/init-containers/).
[Sidecar containers](/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/sidecar-containers/)
ignore the Pod-level `restartPolicy` field: in Kubernetes, a sidecar is defined as an entry
inside `initContainers` that has its container-level `restartPolicy` set to `Always`.
For init containers that exit with an error, the kubelet restarts the init container if the
Pod level `restartPolicy` is either `OnFailure` or `Always`.

When the kubelet is handling container restarts according to the configured restart
policy, that only applies to restarts that make replacement containers inside the
same Pod and running on
```

Author: Thanks for the Feedback, i have updated the changes.
